hello youtubers this is candy 407 or
Scott mechanicus um and I am coming to
you guys today with a hair review um I
got this love little thing in the mail
today and my hair has finally arrived um
I ordered my hair from Aliexpress with
Xu Chang longi beauty care products
company or whatever i will leave the
link down below of their store and
everything but they do have some pretty
cheap air and i got four bundles of
throw me in here 12 14 16 and 18 and
they came and a little bags like this no
telling what they were I wanted want to
be so tell me the color and a length of
it um this right here is the 12 inch and
no I'm running my hands through it now
and its really soft I'm not getting any
tangling I'm not getting any shedding no
it's Western hair I've gotten been doing
this with this hair for like 30 minutes
now and maybe you've gotten two or three
strands of hair to come off but um yeah
like it's really really soft and has
like a Barbie doll smell to the hair you
know if you ever had hard we double or
whatever but yes this hair is like
extremely soft and I really cannot wait
to put this in my head because yeah I've
been a tease me but it is really really
soft and I think 12 it's really long for
the front of my head cuz I'll probably
should i took my chin or if she's doing
it together so but yes it will I'm very
excited
his hair um if two more strands but I'm
very excited about this here um the
communication was good you know I made
sharing message I'm telling them what
color hair I wanted because what I
ordered the hair completely forgot about
that so I did tell them the color hair
wanted a you know got back to me like
the next fake as you know all the time
difference but um yeah I know but I'm
shipping for this hair was pretty good
um considering that i ordered it like
before like around the chinese new year
so yeah my hat they're chinese new
year's like from the 9th to the 16th so
i had to wait you know the whole week
you know they were no I was like I guess
there it was the housing so they weren't
doing anything necessarily like shipping
out to you know over here so i had to
wait you know that extra week i wasn't
really in a rush to is here but um yeah
and so when they came when there it was
done that um monday which was the 18th I
got they shipped off the hair on
Thursday so tell him like three days
until he shifted out when it came out
from the chinese new year so I think
that's pretty quick that I'm today some
monday so f find that pretty quick hey
but the hair is really really fast in
this is the 12 and the 14 16 and 18 so
see the differences in that Anna and
they are true to life so I'm very
excited about that yeah and I'm most
likely going to seal the west of this
hair um just show you but the web seem
pretty leaving the dome stitch I could
be wrong but
um the web seemed pretty good and
they're not shedding much but I do want
to be on the safe side and you know also
I will co wash the hair again just to be
on the safe side cuz you know i don't
know there's any dies in here but i
don't think so because i dunno in the
eighteen and a sixteenth there are
speckles are brown here so I'm get you
know it really came up for someone said
you know and mixed colors I went not but
the hair is really really really soft
and all in all I paid 9530 to UM and
really the only reason it was that much
is because of shipping you know like
twenty-six dollars so the bundle is
dealt with in 69 but because I shipping
you know it was more but you know the
hair is not shedding much it's really
really soft absolutely i'm in love with
this man and i really can't wait to see
you know have it in my head you know to
see if i ever know when I wash it if the
girl pad is going to come back and I
probably won't make a video because at
one point i'll probably straighten this
hair after i wash it cuz you know I've
never really have to hear myself but I
am excited about this hair you know
probably make a video where I've done
stole it tell you how I love how like it
and things like that and how easy it was
to have this done but yeah um I will
definitely leave the link to the store
but I'll expressed down below and the
price and all that good stuff so thanks
for watching and peace